Sample One-Page Abstract for the Book
of Abstracts of the Modelica Conference 2009
Francesco Casella Alberto Leva
Dipartimento di Elettronica e Informazione, Politecnico di Milano
Piazza Leonardo da Vinci 32, 20133 Milano, Italy
{casella,leva}@elet.polimi.it
This document is an example of one-page abstract for the book of abstracts of the Modelica Conference 2009. The full conference proceedings will be only published electronically on a memory stick and on the Web. However, for the conference attendant’s convenience, a smaller book of abstracts will be printed and made available in the conference kit
given to all participants.
The goal of the book of abstracts is to provide the audience with some more information
about the papers being presented, so they can choose which presentations to attend during
parallel sessions. To this end, you can of course re-use the abstract provided when submitting the paper on the conference management system. However, consider that this page will
be a sort of advertisement for your presentation, which will be read during coffe-breaks to
decide if your presentation is worth listening to. Therefore, you can try to make it more
attractive and informative. For this purpose, you can also include ﬁgures, such as Fig. 1,
and a few optional references, such as [1] or [2].

ﬁgure example
Figure 1: Structure of the DNA double helix
The one-page abstract should be written in English and prepared as a one-page, A4 PDF
ﬁle (size 210×297 mm) using the Times font, 18 pt for the title, 13 pt for the authors’ names
and afﬁliations, and 11 pt for the text. The left and right margins should be 3.5 cm, the top
margin 3 cm and the bottom margin 2 cm. Please do not exceed these limits, or your PDF
ﬁle will not be accepted. The page will then be scaled down slightly for printing. We advise
A
you to use the LTEXand MS Word templates provided on the conference website in order to
ensure the correct formatting.
Please also note that this abstract must be uploaded on the conference management
system no later than July 13, 2009, and that at least one author should have registered by
that time, for the ﬁnal paper to be included in the conference programme and proceedings.

References
[1] Watson, J.D, Crick F.H.C, A structure for the Deoxyribose Nucleic Acid, Nature 171,
737-738, 1953.
[2] Mattson, S.E., Elmqvist, H., Otter, M.: Physical system modeling with Modelica,
Control Engineering Practice, v. 6, pp. 501-510, 1998.

